you
Tess
it's going up over us now what the hell
does it look like attending closer
yeah
No
it has to be on fire whatever that is
why is it flying all over the place now
it's turning again
you
and seeing this thing move all over the
last five minutes
Gianna
Giana
Johnna something came off of it yeah
what something just came off it again
what the hell that's something's burning
up look at it it's breaking up again
yeah it's falling down to earth
yeah they're burnin up or something look
at that
what it's a plane
look at him I don't think I'd be playing
Bernie yet though it would have already
came down don't you think look at that's
falling look ahead as I see it I can't
get it on camera it's too small it's
falling down to earth yeah it is oh yeah
look at whatever that is is it still
there
let me see it I don't see any big ones
still up there though I want to know
what that is do you think that could be
a big chunk of something I don't know
sure is it weird though isn't it gee coz
up in the sky up in this guy has to be
bigger because I mean smaller because
these planes look like that big I mean
that small no but stuff doesn't just
drop off a planes like that why is it
over there it was over there that
started over here went there went there
no it's all the way over here it's like
it's leaving
can't even see it on the camera anymore
it's really small I kind of got it for a
second it's gonna burn up it's awful yep
it's gone